README.md, before:

# Simple API (Serverless + Lambda + LocalStack)

## 1. Set up local environment

Follow simple instructions to set up local environment.

### Install [LocalStack](https://localstack.cloud/)

```bash
pip install localstack
```

### Install [Serverless framework](https://www.serverless.com/)

```bash
npm install -g serverless
```

#### Install standalone binary for Serverless framework

```bash
curl -o- -L https://slss.io/install | bash
```

### Install Serverless plugin for LocalStack

```bash
serverless plugin install -n serverless-localstack
```

### Install python requirements plugin for LocalStack

```bash
serverless plugin install -n serverless-python-requirements
```

## 2. Local deployment

### Start LocalStack

```bash
localstack start
```

You can verify that LocalStack is running by checking http://localhost:4566
<br>
You should get:

```
{"status": "running"}
```

Also, you can check the running services by checking https://0.0.0.0:4566/health
<br>
You should get:

```
{"features": {"initScripts": "initialized"}, "services": {"acm": "available", "apigateway": "available", "cloudformation": "available", "cloudwatch": "available", "config": "available", "dynamodb": "available", "dynamodbstreams": "available", "ec2": "available", "es": "available", "events": "available", "firehose": "available", "iam": "available", "kinesis": "available", "kms": "available", "lambda": "available", "logs": "available", "opensearch": "available", "redshift": "available", "resource-groups": "available", "resourcegroupstaggingapi": "available", "route53": "available", "route53resolver": "available", "s3": "available", "secretsmanager": "available", "ses": "available", "sns": "available", "sqs": "available", "ssm": "available", "stepfunctions": "available", "sts": "available", "support": "available", "swf": "available"}, "version": "0.14.0"}
```

### Deploy your service locally

```
serverless deploy --stage local
```

After the deployment you are going to get message from Serverless:

```
Service deployed to stack localstack-test-local
```

And also get information about endpoint and functions that you can use in the service.

```
endpoint: http://localhost:4566/restapis/{YOUR ID}/local/_user_request_

functions:
  get: localstack-tutorial-local-get
  post: localstack-tutorial-local-post
```

## 3. Local usage


* `GET | /hello-world` - get `Hello World` message.

```bash
$ curl -X GET "http://localhost:4566/restapis/{YOUR ID}/local/_user_request_/hello-world"

{
  "result": "Hello World"
}
```

* `POST | /add` - get sum of `Hello World` message.

```bash
curl -X POST "http://localhost:4566/restapis/{YOUR ID}/local/_user_request_/add" \
       -H 'Content-type: application/json' \
       -d '{
           "first": 1,
           "second": 2
       }'

{
  "result": 3
}
```

Commit message:

add .ts file and add readme for such case (#3)
Add .ts file as optional for serverless configuration

README.md, after:

# Simple API (Serverless + Lambda + LocalStack)

## 1. Set up local environment

Follow simple instructions to set up local environment.

### Install [LocalStack](https://localstack.cloud/)

```bash
pip install localstack
```

### Install [Serverless framework](https://www.serverless.com/)

```bash
npm install -g serverless
```

#### Install standalone binary for Serverless framework

```bash
curl -o- -L https://slss.io/install | bash
```

### Install Serverless plugin for LocalStack

```bash
serverless plugin install -n serverless-localstack
```

### Install python requirements plugin for LocalStack

```bash
serverless plugin install -n serverless-python-requirements
```

## 2. Local deployment

### Start LocalStack

```bash
localstack start
```

You can verify that LocalStack is running by checking http://localhost:4566
<br>
You should get:

```
{"status": "running"}
```

Also, you can check the running services by checking https://0.0.0.0:4566/health
<br>
You should get:

```
{"features": {"initScripts": "initialized"}, "services": {"acm": "available", "apigateway": "available", "cloudformation": "available", "cloudwatch": "available", "config": "available", "dynamodb": "available", "dynamodbstreams": "available", "ec2": "available", "es": "available", "events": "available", "firehose": "available", "iam": "available", "kinesis": "available", "kms": "available", "lambda": "available", "logs": "available", "opensearch": "available", "redshift": "available", "resource-groups": "available", "resourcegroupstaggingapi": "available", "route53": "available", "route53resolver": "available", "s3": "available", "secretsmanager": "available", "ses": "available", "sns": "available", "sqs": "available", "ssm": "available", "stepfunctions": "available", "sts": "available", "support": "available", "swf": "available"}, "version": "0.14.0"}
```

### Deploy your service locally

There are some ways to define configuration file for serverless.
By serverless.yml, serverless.ts etc.

If you are using serverless.ts file, you have to install additional npm packages by running:

```
npm install @serverless/typescript
```

```
npm install --global ts-node
```

Deploy to serverless

```
serverless deploy --stage local
```

After the deployment you are going to get message from Serverless:

```
Service deployed to stack localstack-test-local
```

And also get information about endpoint and functions that you can use in the service.

```
endpoint: http://localhost:4566/restapis/{YOUR ID}/local/_user_request_

functions:
  get: localstack-tutorial-local-get
  post: localstack-tutorial-local-post
```

## 3. Local usage


* `GET | /hello-world` - get `Hello World` message.

```bash
$ curl -X GET "http://localhost:4566/restapis/{YOUR ID}/local/_user_request_/hello-world"

{
  "result": "Hello World"
}
```

* `POST | /add` - get sum of `Hello World` message.

```bash
curl -X POST "http://localhost:4566/restapis/{YOUR ID}/local/_user_request_/add" \
       -H 'Content-type: application/json' \
       -d '{
           "first": 1,
           "second": 2
       }'

{
  "result": 3
}
```
